## CompareVersion

Compare two version numbers version1 and version2.  
If version1 > version2 return 1, if version1 < version2 return -1, otherwise return 0.

Here is an example of version numbers ordering:

```0.1 < 1.1 < 1.2 < 13.37```

## CountAndSay

The count-and-say sequence is the sequence of integers beginning as follows:
```1, 11, 21, 1211, 111221, ...```

`1` is read off as `"one 1"` or `11`.  
`11` is read off as `"two 1s"` or `21`.  
`21` is read off as `"one 2`, then `one 1"` or `1211`.

Given an integer n, generate the nth sequence.

## Integer to English Words

Convert a non-negative integer to its english words representation. Given input is guaranteed to be less than 2<sup>31</sup> - 1.

For example,

```
123 -> "One Hundred Twenty Three"
12345 -> "Twelve Thousand Three Hundred Forty Five"
1234567 -> "One Million Two Hundred Thirty Four Thousand Five Hundred Sixty Seven"
```

## ExcelSheetColumnTitle

Given a positive integer, return its corresponding column title as appear in an Excel sheet.

For example:

```
    1 -> A  
    2 -> B  
    3 -> C  
    ...  
    26 -> Z  
    27 -> AA  
    28 -> AB  
```

## FindTheDifference

Given two strings ***s*** and ***t*** which consist of only lowercase letters.

String ***t*** generated by random shuffling string ***s*** and then add one more letter at a random position.

Find the letter that was added in ***t***.

**Example**:

```
Input:
s = "abcd"
t = "abcde"

Output:
e

Explanation:
'e' is the letter that was added.
```

## FizzBuzz

Write a program that prints the numbers from 1 to 100. But for multiples of three print "Fizz" instead of the number and for the multiples of five print "Buzz". For numbers which are multiples of both three and five print "FizzBuzz".

## Isomorphic

Given two strings s and t, determine if they are isomorphic.

For example,

```
Given "egg", "add", return true.

Given "foo", "bar", return false.

Given "paper", "title", return true.
```

## LengthOfLastWord

Calulate the character length of last word separated by a space.

## NonRepeated

Given a string, find the first non-repeating character in it and return it's index. If it doesn't exist, return -1.

Examples:

```
s = "leetcode"
return 0.

s = "loveleetcode",
return 2.
```

## PermutationCombination

Shows algorithm to generate Permutation and Combination on a given string.

## LongestCommonPrefix

Write a function to find the longest common prefix string amongst an array of strings.

## Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters

Given a string, find the length of the **longest substring** without repeating characters.

Examples:

Given `"abcabcbb"`, the answer is `"abc"`, which the length is 3.

Given `"bbbbb"`, the answer is `"b"`, with the length of 1.

Given `"pwwkew"`, the answer is `"wke"`, with the length of 3. Note that the answer must be a **substring**, `"pwke"` is a subsequence and not a substring.

## LookAndSay

Same as CountAndSay with different approach to solve the problem.

## RansomNote

Given an arbitrary ransom note string and another string containing letters from all the magazines, write a function that will return true if the ransom note can be constructed from the magazines ; otherwise, it will return false.

You may assume that both strings contain only lowercase letters.

```
canConstruct("a", "b") -> false
canConstruct("aa", "ab") -> false
canConstruct("aa", "aab") -> true
```

## Reverse String

Write a function that takes a string as input and returns the string reversed.

Example:  
Given s = "hello", return "olleh".

## ReverseVowel

Write a function that takes a string as input and reverse only the vowels of a string.

Example 1:  
Given s = "hello", return "holle".

Example 2:  
Given s = "leetcode", return "leotcede".

## ReverseWordsInAString

Given an input string, reverse the string word by word.

For example,
Given s = "`the sky is blue`",
return "`blue is sky the`".

## SimplifyPath

Given an absolute path for a file (Unix-style), simplify it.

For example,

**path** = `"/home/"` => `"/home"`  
**path** = `"/a/./b/../../c/"` => `"/c"`

## StrStr

Find the position of the first occurrence of a substring in a string

## Summary Ranges

Given a sorted integer array without duplicates, return the summary of its ranges.

For example, given `[0,1,2,4,5,7]`, return `["0->2","4->5","7"]`.

## ValidPalindrome

Given a string, determine if it is a palindrome, considering only alphanumeric characters and ignoring cases.

For example,  
`"A man, a plan, a canal: Panama"` is a palindrome.  
`"race a car"` is not a palindrome.

## WordPattern

Given a `pattern` and a string `str`, find if `str` follows the same pattern.

Here follow means a full match, such that there is a bijection between a letter in `pattern` and a non-empty word in `str`.

Examples:  
pattern = `"abba"`, str = `"dog cat cat dog"` should return true.  
pattern = `"abba"`, str = `"dog cat cat fish"` should return false.  
pattern = `"aaaa"`, str = `"dog cat cat dog"` should return false.  
pattern = `"abba"`, str = `"dog dog dog dog"` should return false.  

## ZigZag

The string `"PAYPALISHIRING"` is written in a zigzag pattern on a given number of rows like this: (you may want to display this pattern in a fixed font for better legibility)

```
P   A   H   N
A P L S I I G
Y   I   R
```

And then read line by line: `"PAHNAPLSIIGYIR"`

`convert("PAYPALISHIRING", 3)` should return `"PAHNAPLSIIGYIR"`.
